hi guys it's Megan and here I have
another mall I went to Claire's bath and
Bodyworks
and hot topic at Bath and Body Works
he was so having their three for 12 sale
which was three bonus gels or I believe
it was pollution so same as last time I
picked the mist this one really caught
my eye because the cover but I recommend
it because it smells so amazing I was
shocked because I'm not other ones I
picked up and tested kind of like they
weren't good I don't know who made those
flavors but he smelled really bad and I
picked this one at random and I'm really
happy like I said it caught my eye and I
was just walking in that group so I just
picked it up and grabbed it and I
smelled it and it smells really good I
totally recommend this this is velvet
sugar it's actually not for Christmas
it does smells good as amber blush or
Cashman airflow but it still smells okay
like it's really strong I wouldn't
really recommend it because it's not the
greatest but it was good it was one of
the good ones out of the bunch is this
cashmere glow I thought it would smell
weird because of the color but actually
smells really good it's kind of hmm the
way the thing that reminds me of is one
year outside and there's just like a
fresh like thing of air and just wishes
past you and it feels so refreshing when
you breathe it in so I guess he kind of
reminds me of those moments then I bath
and Bodyworks if you already don't know
I collect ducks I got this blue duck
which lights up and then I got a purple
one that also lights up
as you can tell I got a lot more instant
idea last time so this may take a while
some Hot Topic
I got this neat little pan that says I'm
unstoppable she has a dinosaur like one
of those little dinosaur claws then I
have one this is what does the Fox say
and that's the picture of a fox right
here I have these smiley faces and
they're sticking their tongues out this
one I'm actually pretty angry because I
didn't realize it but somebody took the
orange went off and you place it with a
pink one so I have three of these up
here I have a little corn dog scent
faces on them these are just regular
they're supposed to be Tomatoes they
don't have any faces on them but they're
so cute right here I just have these
teeny little faces I have mustaches on
them I have these which are kind of
weird-looking
this is whiskey like coffee creamer I
guess I think this is bacon on my shirt
this is supposed to be static up these
are my favorite two bananas with
mustaches right here I have just some
regular spider face ones right here I
have things I'm not
I think the like I don't know there's
some type of cookie or something then I
have these ice cream cones
I have burgers I have what I think is
pizza I have some eggs and then I just
have purple smiley face with mustache
I have fries right here I have he's
actually happy for a while but I forgot
my family and ladybugs
these are kind of like shakes these are
rustle some earrings I forgot I had
they're butterflies these are so sweet
pickles
and dropped is it guys it took me
forever to get these earrings on here so
please enjoy this five comment rate and
subscribe please